= Introduction

ScripTTY is a library for JRuby that lets you write scripts to control
full-screen terminal-based applications.

= Terminals supported

Limited DG410 and XTerm support.

= Requirements

- JRuby
- Treetop
- Multibyte

= Known issues

== Glassfish SocketChannel.keyFor bug

There is a known bug in the JDK that causes SocketChannel.keyFor to behave
erroneously under some versions of Glassfish.  (Glassfish versions 2.1.1 and
3.0 or later are not affected.)  A possible workaround for v2.0 is to add the
following to the appropriate section of your Glassfish config/domain.xml file:

 <jvm-options>-Dcom.sun.enterprise.server.ss.ASQuickStartup=false</jvm-options>

See the following pages for more information:

- https://glassfish.dev.java.net/issues/show_bug.cgi?id=3027
- http://docs.sun.com/app/docs/doc/820-4276/knownissuessges?a=view
- http://bugs.sun.com/view_bug.do?bug_id=6562829

= License

Copyright © 2010  Infonium Inc.

ScripTTY is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

ScripTTY is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with ScripTTY.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
